# Linear Regression Models for Insurance and Churn Modelling Datasets
# Insurance Dataset
I developed a linear regression model in the insurance.csv dataset to forecast the rates a client will pay depending on their age, gender, BMI, number of children, smoking status, and geography. I began with exploratory data analysis (EDA) to gain a better understanding of the variables' relationships and to detect any outliers or missing data. I then divided the dataset into training and testing sets and used the LinearRegression class from sklearn.linear model to create a linear regression model to the training data. Lastly, i used the R-squared score, mean squared error (MSE), and root mean squared error to evaluate the model (RMSE).
# Churn Modelling Dataset
I constructed a linear regression model in the Churn Modelling.csv dataset to predict if a customer will churn based on their credit score, age, tenure, balance, quantity of items, whether they have a credit card, whether they are an active member, and their expected wage. I initially did EDA to find any correlations between the variables and any missing data. I then divided the dataset into training and testing sets and used the LinearRegression class from sklearn.linear model to create a linear regression model to the training data. Lastly, i used the mean squared error to evaluate the model (MSE).
# Conclusion
I discovered that linear regression was an appropriate strategy for predicting the target variable based on the available features in both datasets. The precise characteristics and target variables employed, as well as the assessment metrics, will, however, be determined by the structure of the dataset and the questions posed. Further analysis, such as feature engineering or experimenting with different regression models, may be required to increase the models' accuracy.
